Shalom.
N817: Waiting Room for over 25 minutes
Magalie Marcellus: From time to time that happened so
Magalie Marcellus: Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: We try to get people to come on before the time
N817: Usually we're waiting room, it takes like one or two minutes.
N817: Get through faster.
Magalie Marcellus: Because sometimes they might be short steps. I don't know what's going on your Mac first patients and I so I don't know if it's some issues with the clinic tonight.
Magalie Marcellus: So have you been
N817: I've been doing pretty good. I've been doing pretty good.
N817: I'm getting sleep. I'm actually going to the
N817: Park in the morning.
Magalie Marcellus: So what are you doing differently.
N817: Dr up my Xanax
N817: So I think that's a big part to do that.
N817: I don't know.
N817: That or if she just decided to do it, but
N817: However, I have
N817: A big difference.
Magalie Marcellus: When did you start taking it.
N817: Two weeks ago.
Magalie Marcellus: And you already know noticing a difference.
N817: Oh yeah, actually, we know
Magalie Marcellus: So much I've enjoyed yourself.
N817: I've been trying to find a job, you know,
N817: Applications online because nowadays everywhere.
N817: Day on most places.
N817: Have paper.
For
Magalie Marcellus: What type of job you're looking
N817: For something along the lines.
N817: Job my
N817: Most places they only want to pay minimum wage.
N817: Was the column errors or like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Kind of set of occasion.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But you have expanse waking going on like cooking before
N817: Yeah, I got about three or
Magalie Marcellus: Was it with a restaurant or like a password kind of place.
N817: A restaurant mostly and was a teenager, I worked at Wendy's
Magalie Marcellus: Taking
N817: I'm taking
N817: One milligram four times a day.
Magalie Marcellus: So what's your routine for sleeping so you. When do you take it to go to sleep.
N817: Um,
N817: I take
N817: I take one in the morning.
N817: While I'm out.
N817: Two or three o'clock in the afternoon. And then when I want to go to bed about turn out to
N817: clunks me out by 1112 o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: And get up at one
N817: Yeah, I'm sleeping good like I'm not waking up every 30 minutes on the
N817: Clock Lori.
N817: Mines. I like it was good. That was still have
N817: A lot of age.
N817: Over
N817: life choices.
Magalie Marcellus: And I just said that. Right.
N817: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So how's that gone any issue since the last time we spoke
N817: A few you're
N817: Like everything that comes out of his mouth is negative towards me and I brought to this tension of, like, why don't I only want to talk to you have everything you have to say is negative about every but not just me everybody in the family.
Like
N817: That negative like yeah
Magalie Marcellus: So you had a discussion with yourself with your stepfather.
N817: Yeah, all the negative stuff all the time.
Magalie Marcellus: So how was that one would that conversation.
N817: I'm about three days ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so what was going on at the time when you decided to have that conversation with them.
N817: Um, I just, I'm just sick, I'm sick of
N817: Doing my best at China to you know get a normal life for you.
N817: All to do is
N817: Negative stuff and then it's not just me, but everybody in the family to, like, you know,
N817: No one know if all you have to say is value things grow, who will stay here at all the time.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you mentioned that he's
Magalie Marcellus: Typically this is a pattern being very negative. So I was trying to figure out what happened well as different as someone you decided to address it.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you guys have something specific, you're discussing or was that a situation that came out that made you feel that you need to confront him we got in his, his thoughts. So as you
N817: Just got to port or I don't need to hear
N817: All the negative stuff. I know.
N817: You know, the negative stuff about myself. I don't need him bringing it up all the time.
N817: And then, you know, then the fact that, you know, he talks about the family members. He says anything about them. It's always something negative, you know,
N817: I was like, you know,
N817: That you can
N817: If you don't have anything positive to say just stop saying
Magalie Marcellus: Anything, while his
Response
N817: Oh, you just blew it off like you know maybe he needs to go live and attempt by yourself or
N817: Go live in the desert. We're somewhere he does have to be around.
N817: You know, just typical
Magalie Marcellus: Does he have somebody that can help a seminar.
Magalie Marcellus: Like either tall medical and means I'll call
Magalie Marcellus: Anytime you say he's I know he's in a wheelchair.
N817: He goes to give psychiatric help as
N817: I did tell you about how he tried to kill me was like
Magalie Marcellus: Why you mentioned that you say he's been he's been better since that incident. A few years back.
N817: You know, I would go
N817: But you know i i trust.
N817: You know she does have, you know,
N817: Firearms so like if I said something to like really test them off. Who knows what he would do, you know,
N817: So I kind of keep to myself. And you know, I don't really bring up like his fault.
N817: You have now.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, right. So it was a situation in the house with utilities and services. So the same
N817: Situation ever house.
Magalie Marcellus: Like the chair utilities. The head heat stove hot water.
N817: Yeah I know he
N817: Got no gas. So I mean, so I have no heat. But I got to
N817: electric heaters, but without gas. Oh, hello, how water.
Magalie Marcellus: Is how do you guys coke is it with a like.
Magalie Marcellus: A coke.
Magalie Marcellus: Electric cooker like a stovetop kind of thing.
N817: Yeah, like my lecture call I'm like hops late type
N817: MY MOM SUPPOSED TO BE COMING BACK march 3
N817: You know I get I have a lot of anxiety about her.
N817: I told you, but she was in our end and she, I like to cue that org but paste. So
N817: And stuff like that. And when she has a Caesar show just breeze not bills talk were saying
N817: And then all sudden about 40 seconds later. So take a deep breath.
N817: So like snap out of it. But, you know,
N817: That I have a lot of anxiety about tab over her, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: So what's anxiety. Do you feel that you have to be responsible file. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, getting anxiety. We gotta
N817: Have to be there for her, you know her when she goes into on those, like I just like rubber go there and say, Okay, I'm here, I'm here and
N817: Make sure that you know she knows
N817: You know that
N817: This has been going on for 12 years
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
N817: But she's, she's supposed to be coming back on third.
Magalie Marcellus: Visit and I'll come in to stay
N817: On them back because I've always I've always lived by my I've never lived by myself, my whole life.
Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: So who's happened on now is, she said, because
Magalie Marcellus: She, she does. I want a
Magalie Marcellus: Lesson that right now. Okay.
N817: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Has she had an episode with the seizure since you've been out of the house.
N817: Yeah yeah
N817: And there's no one there cuz my sisters. It was great work. She's out get drunk.
Magalie Marcellus: So my mom. So what does your mom do
N817: I don't sure she's her by her so that she doesn't want everything because she knows how you know about
Magalie Marcellus: To me insane.
N817: Yeah, that I'm really concerned about her and she knows like comes from her, and this has happened to me in the past.
N817: I just can't wait for her to come back.
Magalie Marcellus: And one hand, you want to come back but you anxious about have been there since you're
Magalie Marcellus: A caretaker.
N817: Yes, email, I feel better with here.
Magalie Marcellus: Please still feel better. And she said, it can be okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So what do you think you may need to would be helpful for you when she is that so you don't feel overwhelmed and that you know you're not gonna want to more anxiety by being a caretaker for
N817: I'm
N817: Just make sure she takes her mother.
Magalie Marcellus: In
N817: Law, make sure I make her boobs.
N817: Know,
N817: Kiss just stuff that child should do or an elderly parent, you know that.
Magalie Marcellus: How does your mom.
N817: 64
Magalie Marcellus: So far, and it said that, is that how
N817: You broke up right here which
Magalie Marcellus: I say yes, said that easy. How old is is that when you're my age or older.
N817: Like two years younger. I think
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So then you'll be
Magalie Marcellus: So you build up really taking care of both of them.
N817: Really care too much about because he can take care of. So you're
Magalie Marcellus: Still in the household. So how does that
Magalie Marcellus: How does that work with the dynamic with their relationship and you as the sun, you know, wanted to make sure that your mom is okay. So how does that work.
N817: I'm really a reprint manners. When she gets back of their toe and believes
N817: Cuz
N817: Okay dragons, nobody complained them everything
N817: A lot
N817: When she allowed first teasers a call caused by stress.
Magalie Marcellus: I see. So did they live together when your mom one day, all you guys stayed in Florida.
N817: Um, up until the point where he tried to kill me. She made him leave.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. How long ago was that, again, I sent you a teenager when that happened,
N817: Yeah, was about 20 years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So since then, your mom doesn't live in the same house. So when I
Magalie Marcellus: Know, oh okay well that's different than so
Magalie Marcellus: Is your mom. Want to make that determination with
Magalie Marcellus: Where she's gonna stay in. I know how you guys gonna work it out because you mentioned that she made move to a different area definitely house because of what's going on with
Magalie Marcellus: The situation.
N817: Right here, because this is her house.
N817: So,
N817: Either we're gonna stay here or we're going to move to a different somewhere else.
Magalie Marcellus: Has been justified and have appeared in
Magalie Marcellus: Just step that I did he end up in a while.
N817: Oh, this is where he's from. So when
N817: That instantly Hathaway, try to cut my throat.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. He moved back. Yeah.
N817: Actually what his parents.
N817: His father, his mom died a couple years ago and his father just last year.
N817: On soak everything they mailed sell the house everything
N817: And get nothing. You know,
N817: You know, he was a war two but
N817: You know he didn't get any of his dinner for nothing, the nursing home took everything took his house took everything
Magalie Marcellus: So he was in a facility.
N817: Yeah, he was there.
N817: For about six months or a pass.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, that's
Magalie Marcellus: Your step dad his dad.
Magalie Marcellus: You talk
Magalie Marcellus: About your dad his biological dad.
Magalie Marcellus: Was in the home when he passed away.
N817: Yeah.
N817: I'll
Magalie Marcellus: I'll can we use the father wasn't it on his own time quiet.
N817: No, he was he was still living in his father's house.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, yeah. Oh, gotcha. Okay.
N817: I think his father went to nursing home to get away from
Magalie Marcellus: Them is if you felt that way about him. How did you end up coming to live with him.
N817: And
N817: He tried to say that he was coming to stay with me to look after me. And this man.
Magalie Marcellus: Was your mom. Find a place in your mom left to hear and the play.
Magalie Marcellus: In the hope of I'm moving with you at some point.
N817: Yeah, she was supposed to come back in a month or two.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Okay, gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: So she already had found a place you stayed and eventually she was supposed to come back. Then the two of you will have been in that in that place the house.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, then your stepfather ended up coming here when after is that passed away. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, gotcha. So it wasn't your choice to be in the same household with them. It just had the circumstances that he end up coming with you.
N817: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's okay. Well, that makes sense.
Magalie Marcellus: But, but in the, in the meantime, I had to do guys point of co exist in the in a house or even though in I know his
Magalie Marcellus: Personality personality is a bit challenging in terms of you know how he respond or the way he approached people in general. So what do you do to keep yourself not fall into, you know, his pattern and be anxious and by the way he's presenting
N817: I stay in my room 90% of the time when I'm home.
N817: Come out my room. I got used to the bathroom or work get something to eat there besides that me and my two little dogs are my room.
Magalie Marcellus: Is what kind of quality of life. Is that thing you
N817: Know,
N817: Very, very depressing because this
N817: Quarter, and I spent 30 years plus of Florida. So this cold and her. I can't
N817: Really go out
Much
N817: So I'm really looking forward to spring so I can be out there.
Magalie Marcellus: As a weapon I last time I spoke with a company, for there was was me either rain or snow. Yes, we will also
N817: Yeah, yeah. Right now, it's about 20 degrees outside.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, he from Florida.
N817: We're in the winter down there. The coldest, it gets is like
Magalie Marcellus: 5050 way nearly 50 million for a day or two.
Magalie Marcellus: And, you know, so are you in
Magalie Marcellus: Any medical issues may come up or coming up because of what's going on with the weather and because it sounds like you know in a place that's not
Magalie Marcellus: really conducive to live in a little situation. So a high, you will have handling all that
N817: Well,
N817: I
N817: Finally scheduled appointment to see the primary care doctor and
N817: I'm Scott it
N817: For for marks 30th for the North center which is this IKEA actor outpatient place.
N817: So,
N817: Thanks.
N817: To them.
Magalie Marcellus: Can
N817: I got I got hepatitis C, I found out when I joined you guys when they did the blood tests.
Magalie Marcellus: Come back.
N817: So I need to get treatment for that.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you've never been treated for the hepatitis C.
N817: No, I just found
Magalie Marcellus: A dimension, you will find it. Okay. So you're looking for primary care doctor but you mentioned
Magalie Marcellus: Also us psychiatric clinics. So did you find a farmer doctor that could
Magalie Marcellus: Treat or help you with the treatment for the hepatitis.
N817: I found the primary care doctor, I won't know they're probably gonna have to refer me to like a specialist or so.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right. So that primary doctor, you mentioned is separate from the psychiatric services. You say you're trying to get
Magalie Marcellus: Your eyes at this. Okay, so you do have. So the appointment for March 30 is it with the primary care doctor or the psychiatric care.
N817: Right, we are hurt.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so then for the primary care. Well, would you be able to get on point, man.
N817: That would be merged.
Magalie Marcellus: Did they give you an appointment already
N817: Yeah, hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, good.
Magalie Marcellus: So you follow up on that, because again yeah cuz you want to make sure that you're getting the proper treatments, you know, for medical or mental health because I like you mentioned you suffer with the anxiety and it's been an ongoing issue.
Magalie Marcellus: To me, Should I
N817: Mean I can be monetized for over 15 years
N817: I've just never felt like
N817: No, I was born with a concave, which aims. I got your sternum. So I got a big hole like you put you right in the center of my chest so
Magalie Marcellus: This is something you seeing all you
N817: Oh yeah, you can see it.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a multiple people if somebody were to look at it.
N817: So I have like
N817: So it only anxiety about people seeing that because, you know, like, and I got hit by a car. So I got these huge skin grafts. I'm a lower leg.
N817: You know, so it's it's been a problem for since I was like 12 years old were
N817: Like
N817: Myself for, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
N817: People judge you.
N817: Oh, every time I go. So we're always think that people
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe just you thinking that
N817: Yeah.
And
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm
N817: Even though they're
Magalie Marcellus: Not even thinking, oh, by the way.
Magalie Marcellus: But because that's in your head. So you go with your thought, you know, which is sometimes that thought we have you thinking is the we do. Yeah, that's him. But it's not is because you have that anxiety that you know you think people are looking at you for whatever reason.
N817: Yeah, that causes
N817: So usually like I'm fine. I'm just like what 144 out. But if I get out of more than man. Then I start like having like headings ID.
N817: And you know, I don't know exactly like
N817: Psyche psychiatric attractor. I went to Florida, he diagnosed me with
N817: Forget was called, but some type of mental issues.
N817: And
N817: That's why he was prescribed me the Xanax down there.
N817: You know, I did that for two years or so, I had two years of
N817: Pretty good quality of life, but I could actually get out
Magalie Marcellus: socialize with people. Oh, wow. So what, how is it different when you are able to socialize and
N817: And
Magalie Marcellus: How is that different when you felt you know better about yourself. What did you do differently.
N817: He has given me may not worry and having
anxiety about
N817: Like
Magalie Marcellus: That didn't really care.
N817: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: So you want where we being a lot what other people are thinking about
Magalie Marcellus: It and those. So did you feel that your substance use as anything to do with the way you felt about yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Or was it more because of medical things
N817: Yeah, because by being myself substance abuse was a way to
N817: Um,
N817: take my mind off of you know what people are thinking and paranoid and all that stuff, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What I'm seeing something interesting on the background. It wouldn't be having that people do.
Magalie Marcellus: Something with a you have a, like a pair of scissors on top of something. What is that
N817: Oh, that's a plate of tobacco.
Magalie Marcellus: That role model to us.
N817: Yeah, I have to roll my own cigarettes.
N817: Cigarettes costs like $7 a pack.
N817: Bag tobacco.
N817: For seven bucks and a equals out to be about
N817: 12 packs of cigarettes.
Magalie Marcellus: And how often do you smoke.
N817: I'm a chain smoker.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, how you feeling. Overall, I know the last time you had the
Magalie Marcellus: The dental procedures and that you were feeling a little bit groggy, so are you all better from that.
N817: Yeah. Finally alone.
N817: I think it was about two weeks ago I went and have how five t cold.
N817: So I'm not having a migraine.
N817: Paying for my teeth, no more.
N817: Oh, no.
N817: She a front teeth.
N817: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Did they put they put something new.
N817: Yeah, ground.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, good.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, nice. So you're not having any type of pain anymore.
N817: No, no more pain.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Well, I'm glad that you're taking taken steps to take care of yourself because you get that done you schedule appointments
Magalie Marcellus: For your medical and also for psychiatric so that's showing that you know you making progress and making sure that you doing okay then hopefully can get a job and be a little bit more independent.
N817: Yeah, yeah. That's my goal.
That's probably
N817: Good.
Magalie Marcellus: And so any since the last time we met any incident or a situation that made you feel that you wanted
Magalie Marcellus: To use any substance or having a craving for any reason.
N817: No, I haven't had your cursor.
N817: Between the box.
N817: I don't think about us about all okay
Magalie Marcellus: Good.
N817: I can actually go out and socialize if if it wasn't winner. You know, I
N817: Have no problem with being around people and talk ever, you know, have a conversation without them, that people were judging me or
N817: Stuff like that like
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'm
Magalie Marcellus: I know I have another appointment that's supposed to come up out hopefully that they not stuck in virtual clinic like it did, but
Magalie Marcellus: I wanted to just
Magalie Marcellus: Give you. Our next appointment, maybe in two weeks. Fine.
Magalie Marcellus: So we can check in. And so you get everything settle and I'll to a point where you can manage that better so
N817: Yeah, sorry. Next time I'll check your that half hour earlier.
Magalie Marcellus: And give it at least 10 to 1010 minutes early, because I know sometimes you know it goes very quick and some other tensing up for whatever reason, it takes a bit longer than normal.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm looking at is gonna be like much, what, when did you say among come in again.
N817: And she's supposed to be March.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right, so I'm gonna put you on the floor, plus at six. If anything changed or, you know, or you need to change your appointment. Just send me an email and then we can do that. Okay.
N817: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, so I'm going to have you for the much as six o'clock. So until then, take care of yourself and you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me over.
N817: Here you have a good day.
Magalie Marcellus: You told me. Take care. All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Bye bye.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi.
Magalie Marcellus: How was your virtual clinic experience today I'm doing is a delay for the Japanese delay.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm actually I went back into the to the server or whatever and put your personal one in it already had it loaded
Martin’s iPhone: When I went to the the waiting room for admissions just kept kicking me off. So I tried this seemed to work.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you didn't go through them to check him.
Magalie Marcellus: No. Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so, um, I'll put a note because they want you guys to check in. So, cuz I don't know what they do and vegetarian to make sure everybody gets what they need. But I appreciate you letting me know, but I know somebody had issues getting on before it. So, so, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I should be caught up. I just did my drug test. And I did.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so I would think should be up today. Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: We say the drug test was born again.
Martin’s iPhone: Two days ago, two or three things, three days ago.
Magalie Marcellus: I don't check quite often.
Magalie Marcellus: So did they tell you how long does it take for them to get
Magalie Marcellus: The actual was also
Martin’s iPhone: A pretty much instant. It's just a
Magalie Marcellus: I. Those chances. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: They do their phones.
Magalie Marcellus: Off. Gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: How you been, since the last time I saw you. So, two weeks ago.
Martin’s iPhone: And if you factory. Yeah, I just
Martin’s iPhone: Still having some issues with my sinuses, but nothing horrible.
Martin’s iPhone: Behind my eyes. They thought it might have been the nighttime medicine that I was taken. So we switched to a new one. And I'll try that tomorrow night are no tonight started tonight.
Magalie Marcellus: What were you taking
Martin’s iPhone: I was taken processing.
Martin’s iPhone: Tears, and they switched me to
Martin’s iPhone: Try Amazon or something like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that went backwards Jamison, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When did you make that switch
Martin’s iPhone: I'm actually I started tonight.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so it's new. So I haven't seen any effect. It wasn't just starting
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I know.
Magalie Marcellus: I don't see any
Magalie Marcellus: You plug or headphones, but I just want make sure you in our area that wow it's confidential so nobody else's
Martin’s iPhone: Yep, I'm coming in here in my ear plugs are kind of not working.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, they, they weren't
Martin’s iPhone: Gonna put them in. Everything's muffled. So I have an Apple phone
Martin’s iPhone: Plugin
Magalie Marcellus: That's where I know that they make. They make you pay for
Magalie Marcellus: Those they can just pick anything
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, those iPhones.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, pay for their for their products.
Magalie Marcellus: So what are you doing right now to help with the sinus besides the medication. Is there anything I can do.
Martin’s iPhone: I know I'm in the morning. I usually take an allergy medicine, but I didn't take it this morning. I just
Martin’s iPhone: Take it.
Martin’s iPhone: It's the non grounder
Martin’s iPhone: This is stuff to defend. It's just a
Magalie Marcellus: Reminder over counter one like Mountain. Oh.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, it's not clarity and it doesn't have any like
Martin’s iPhone: Sudafed type stuff Sudafed brunon it's just all
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know the name of it.
Magalie Marcellus: As time goes one, you have to find a good idea to for them to
Magalie Marcellus: Let
Martin’s iPhone: You can't make meth out of this stuff and I
Martin’s iPhone: Know it's something in my past, you know that I'm I'm familiar with that process and everything and no I don't mess.
Magalie Marcellus: With that part of the sound of stuff you get in Walworth
Martin’s iPhone: Years and years ago. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I look for is it for yourself or were you doing other things with it.
Magalie Marcellus: somebody's asking about that that show I can think of the name. I don't know if it was you, but I'm
Magalie Marcellus: The teacher
Magalie Marcellus: What it was a very
Magalie Marcellus: Common show, but I can't take over that was
Magalie Marcellus: His thing.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah with
Martin’s iPhone: His American
Magalie Marcellus: Working now I
Magalie Marcellus: Am I
Martin’s iPhone: Am, nothing like that. I didn't
Martin’s iPhone: Get crazy but
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, I was. I was
Martin’s iPhone: Every other day had a chance to blown up you know
Martin’s iPhone: It was very
Martin’s iPhone: Very, very
Very, very
Magalie Marcellus: Dangerous because sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: People can get really can get hurt badly with those things.
And
Magalie Marcellus: Not mentioning that with this type of show you have you have you watch it, or are you familiar with that show
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I watched them. I didn't watch like the whole season or anything, but I watched three or four videos of it. Just clip on YouTube and
Onion.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it was a bad trade grab anything. So when you watch this kind of softball.
Martin’s iPhone: Know, really.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, but
Martin’s iPhone: I'm definitely over it. I just don't have the inclination to want to stay up like that anymore.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, just was very tiring and
Martin’s iPhone: I flipped a Jeep doing 50 miles an hour on it one time and
Martin’s iPhone: Just. Wow. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you really America as I keep telling me all these thing expense.
Magalie Marcellus: For you to even be alive in talking. Anyway, so yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: It's true. I mean, I just
Martin’s iPhone: I'm Accident Prone to so it didn't help you know
Martin’s iPhone: That I made a mistake and you know but not be here right now.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um,
Magalie Marcellus: So I know you're trying to focus on trying to get some things done with the house and also looking for. I know you're working with somebody or you back working on going. Always it's
Martin’s iPhone: Clear to me one or two days a week.
Martin’s iPhone: I moved. I moved into my girlfriend's house, pretty much.
Martin’s iPhone: And now nothing to show this is my bed still there, but
Martin’s iPhone: I got all the work done for that guy. We still got part of the tree to take down but right now it's not an issue, the way it is. So we're just waiting till better weather.
Martin’s iPhone: And I've got some leaks down in the basement in the drain pipes that need to tend to tube and I can't do anything until the lady upstairs is going for a day.
Magalie Marcellus: Off that
Magalie Marcellus: She'll place or somebody else besides working on
Martin’s iPhone: The apartment of shocked and
Magalie Marcellus: I'm just surprised on
Martin’s iPhone: The current out. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, the plumbing just on the 29th go up there for the day and I'm going to fix the drain that goes into the main drain.
Martin’s iPhone: And then in town. I'm just doing some light work like I'm in. I'm taking out all the LED lights out of a pawn shop and putting in all brand new ones. So it's a big place.
Martin’s iPhone: All though just one or two days here and there and just whatever I can do right now and then the rest of the time I'm spending.
Martin’s iPhone: Doing repairs here at this House and fixing up the camper and cooking and you know just staying busy.
Martin’s iPhone: I made pecan pie today and hot dogs and beans.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, just a couple days ago I made banana enough bread and bread and, you know, just keep making suffer in lunch and, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: I'll share
Magalie Marcellus: My happy about that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and we went up to the local food pantry.
Martin’s iPhone: And guts to just a supplement and I finally got put on food stamps.
Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Got that going
Magalie Marcellus: So I'll have no one has has since I'm a people in the household.
Martin’s iPhone: Three right now me her and her son.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It's all happens with your relationship with your girlfriend. Oh.
Martin’s iPhone: Doing good doing good. She went up and did laundry today into persona to Dover yet a class, you had to go to and
Martin’s iPhone: She's working three days a week and
Magalie Marcellus: She worked myself a night.
Martin’s iPhone: She works yeah 312 hour shifts, but she gets on
Magalie Marcellus: She's out the hospital or
Martin’s iPhone: Nursing home.
Magalie Marcellus: Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you still have to
Magalie Marcellus: Transfer onto
Martin’s iPhone: Well for transportation or to take her to a job, walk because I know you guys with
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, she's been taking the car. I haven't been trying to run all the way back up there and then back down and stuff, unless I need the car.
Martin’s iPhone: But primarily, the biggest reason we don't have a second vehicle is just waiting on some tax money and come in.
Martin’s iPhone: Contact. Yeah, yeah. So hopefully get something decent
Martin’s iPhone: Want to try to get her an avalanche like them.
Martin’s iPhone: So,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: She wants another one. So we're looking around for one of those or something, you know, it doesn't have to be.
Martin’s iPhone: Preferred preferably a Chevy or a decent for something around
Martin’s iPhone: 1500 dollars or so. Not much here, just something we can
Magalie Marcellus: You know, something we love both
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, we might get two trucks one for her and one for my job. So I don't mess.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Use the card for transportation to work and things and fix
Martin’s iPhone: Go because we're still making payments on the car.
Magalie Marcellus: Why you mentioned that that one way
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm trying to keep my credit. Good. And I want to make it all the way through discipline, hopefully.
Martin’s iPhone: I've
Martin’s iPhone: Done that. So,
Magalie Marcellus: Good about me and another progress you know you need some type of credit for any
Magalie Marcellus: A lot of stuff that we need to do here.
And so
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, like for credit card.
Martin’s iPhone: Or PayPal credit card. I don't know if I'll get it or not, but
Martin’s iPhone: I just don't get learning cards and start using that for small expenses and paying off.
Magalie Marcellus: And what does PayPal credit mix models.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I have one of those.
Magalie Marcellus: When those you have to put the money or uploaded.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah $4 a month fee.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, then every time I load. It's $3 to load it.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, that's a feel okay so you still paying on it, even though you put in your own money.
Martin’s iPhone: No, I'm in a meeting right now show
Martin’s iPhone: Go to my turn. Call me
Magalie Marcellus: That right
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I know.
Martin’s iPhone: My bed sounds 930 10 o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: So, you know, doing any pick up a drop off of your girlfriend fun as I
Magalie Marcellus: Mentioned, he has
Martin’s iPhone: Going on here and there. Yeah, I just just depends. Sometimes in the morning I'll take them to school or sometimes she will
Martin’s iPhone: Have to school. Same thing, you know, a lot of times we
Magalie Marcellus: Just
Magalie Marcellus: Just so far over some of the reasons. So give me your top three reasons for changing right now, you're like,
Martin’s iPhone: My health
Martin’s iPhone: My family.
Martin’s iPhone: Financially, you know, I know family is really tied into financial tuba family spiritually for my family to
Martin’s iPhone: Just the whole better life, you know, go left be around bad people anymore.
Martin’s iPhone: That's biggest thing i'm i'm very susceptible to letting my guard down and seems like there's just a lot of people that like to take advantage of that.
Martin’s iPhone: I just I don't realize before it's too late.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm just not built for that lifestyle anymore. I don't think I ever was. I kept trying to be in their disposal.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you say family. So you change in the family for the family how yeah
For myself,
Magalie Marcellus: Because you can't
Magalie Marcellus: Change it for you. And part of it will be your personal health so I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Saying, and for your family. What would that do for you and your family.
Martin’s iPhone: Just give some better life. Oh, the way around.
Martin’s iPhone: Don't have to worry about when we're gonna, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: Go get something or how much money I'm spending on things. There's no more fighting about that kind of stuff from
Martin’s iPhone: The legal aspects of it. And that was a big thing.
Martin’s iPhone: And just all around.
Martin’s iPhone: Around bad
Magalie Marcellus: Company A Bad Company, don't you, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and I mean I'm not saying everybody was bad, but just
Martin’s iPhone: The way everything was, you know, always worried if I had pillows on me or something going to
Martin’s iPhone: Going somewhere or
Martin’s iPhone: Worried about, you know, somebody trying to rob me or rip me off for her.
The
Martin’s iPhone: Dishonesty
Martin’s iPhone: Mistrust
Martin’s iPhone: Just all the
Martin’s iPhone: Negative things that come with it, you know.
Magalie Marcellus: That type of lifestyle, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: In a way, there's no way around it. I mean, you could surround yourself with good people. And it was still turn out that way. Seems like
Martin’s iPhone: something would happen. I will say that a lot of people show their true colors, you know, that was the only
Martin’s iPhone: Any doubt somebody that I I've had a few people that I knew that really good
Martin’s iPhone: Seems to be really good people and then
Martin’s iPhone: The guard down, you know, they
Martin’s iPhone: You know, currently
Magalie Marcellus: Rip me. Okay, so you may change it. They showed a chuckle. So you said they were good people. But things changed so
Magalie Marcellus: What made that you know that relationships change if they were good people.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, the drugs, you know, and
Magalie Marcellus: The
Martin’s iPhone: Pricing on a job know you
Magalie Marcellus: All your behavior towards them.
Martin’s iPhone: Um. Yeah, mine too.
Martin’s iPhone: Because I was always high
Martin’s iPhone: Well, when I meant that, you know, showing their true colors. Sure. What they really were inside, whether or not they were cold blooded and wanting to hurt me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So they were friendly until they couldn't get what they wanted. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: For me,
Martin’s iPhone: But, and I also
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and I also did the same thing, you know.
Martin’s iPhone: I can remember.
Martin’s iPhone: Taking one of my dad's chain saws and saying, I bring back and I ended up, you know, never bringing it back and I told him I ended up having to pull it off.
Martin’s iPhone: Bad thing.
Martin’s iPhone: Was to, you know, being dishonest.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And you mentioned
Magalie Marcellus: untrustworthy. Yeah, we did this one guy for other people's feelings and
Magalie Marcellus: In what they would do to help you. So, who's your girlfriend is one person. So what else is a supportive person in your life that would encourage you to stay with your recovery.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, our
Martin’s iPhone: Kids to, you know, they, they
Martin’s iPhone: Want them to look up to me and note that I'm not, you know, doing that kind of stuff anymore set a good role model for him. I've got friends in town like local pizza store owner
Martin’s iPhone: I've got, you know, like the people that I worked for two they expect to win the handmade keys to a building or
Martin’s iPhone: The keys to the private or something. Yeah, they want to
Martin’s iPhone: Know that I'm going to be honest and
Magalie Marcellus: waiting too long time
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So, and you found that people are trusting you more now.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh yeah, definitely.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I mean I use accounts at the hardware store for people and things like that and
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: You know it'd be very easy for me to get hundreds of dollars worth of stuff.
Martin’s iPhone: Like that. And I just choose, you know, made the right decision and and never messed it up. Thank God.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. Is that even when you will use them. Oh, is it something that you build it now.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm even when I was using. I didn't think God but you know I very
Magalie Marcellus: Very easy to walk you right so what kept you from going to that route.
Martin’s iPhone: Right, I knew inside that I was a good person. I didn't want to stop.
Martin’s iPhone: I did borrow $50 up somebody
Martin’s iPhone: And yeah abroad $50 off my my old landlord and
Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: I admitted to him that I didn't use it for the right things and told him you know I pay you back. And I did.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, just was on the edge of doing small things, I guess.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. But he was still conscious for certain things. And that'll make it worse in terms of with building relationship.
Magalie Marcellus: And your goals right now is to stay clean and know anything else that you want to that you feel you may need to improve in yourself.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm
Martin’s iPhone: Just to keep the motivation going
Martin’s iPhone: Maybe look harder for I'm really not trying to go too hard and looking for work and things right now because there's just so much we have to do here and
Martin’s iPhone: And you know i i do make a little bit of money and but my skills and my ability to help the house and the family or what needs to be
Martin’s iPhone: Focused on so you know
Martin’s iPhone: Pay some of my child support.
Martin’s iPhone: And here's another month or so when it warms up outside of really be able to make more money.
Martin’s iPhone: Right now, with it being cold when I go outside. Yeah, just I have that Raynaud's and it just always really brings me down. I get sick really quick. When I'm outside, Nicole.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, just having sinus issues. I'm getting scheduled to get my hand surgery to so
Magalie Marcellus: For car will follow up with them. Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, my writings, are you done so I'm just waiting to get my left hand and
Magalie Marcellus: So that any of those health problems.
Magalie Marcellus: Has any correlation to the substance use, or what they think that they're ready just that voice because of the substance.
Martin’s iPhone: The Raynaud's definitely had something to do with the substance abuse.
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. Primarily probably back when I was making minutes and stuff like that. Yes, and
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: I know you told me, Oh, by that does this, after looking at what I forget what it is, again, the arena.
Martin’s iPhone: Arena red, white and blue syndrome.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you say do
Magalie Marcellus: You get called
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah I lose circulation and all my extremities my nose my toes my fingers usually like these two fingers first on this hand. And same on my other hand
Martin’s iPhone: And that's when it gets too cold. Right.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I just a change in temperature from like going inside words like 70 degrees downside 50
Martin’s iPhone: Last the air, it's me. And then it just takes the circulation or down my extremities.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and what's what helps all what kind of treatment they have for that.
Martin’s iPhone: I take a calcium inhibitor. It helps keep
Martin’s iPhone: On rolling. I take a baby aspirin. Well now I'm taking into adult aspirin in the morning and then I felt a pain, which is the calcium inhibitor or
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know. I think it's an editor and then they have other things to like beta blockers and things
Martin’s iPhone: Like that.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know all the like scientific stuff behind it, but it's supposed to help open up my
Martin’s iPhone: Basket my beans and stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: From blood circulation.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I need to. It's I know show her
Magalie Marcellus: And
Martin’s iPhone: Everything else
Magalie Marcellus: But are you cutting back or do you isn't there, is there any difference with the way when you start in the program and where you are right now in terms of the smoking.
Martin’s iPhone: I say smoke more now.
Magalie Marcellus: I really only
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, we think is that about
Magalie Marcellus: Is the anxiety or is it because your home. Wow what's
Martin’s iPhone: Really
Martin’s iPhone: No assignment years
Martin’s iPhone: Pure habit. Now I'm
Martin’s iPhone: Probably because you know there's nothing else that feeling of not doing anything else, maybe two, but
Martin’s iPhone: Now when I work and stuff. I tried to smoke less
Martin’s iPhone: And I did get a vapor pen. You know, that's just for nicotine.
Martin’s iPhone: ALTO. I think it's called, but hey, just isn't the same um
Martin’s iPhone: I started when I was 11 and I just need to quit and it's hard because
Magalie Marcellus: He has been on time. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you tried to
Magalie Marcellus: Quit before
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, longest I went as a year. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Four was the one that's a long time.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah I don't know what's different. I know at that time I quit for one of my children's being born Madison.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: equipped for three months when my daughter grace was born to
Magalie Marcellus: Where you on any bomb or patch or some other
Martin’s iPhone: Nicholson.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I do. The patch once and I did the gun once
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh, lozenges, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: And I plan to do it again. I just, you know, right now, stone me slow down, slow down, you know, stay sober for a while.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you don't want to do too much time. But if you can at least at least cut back
Magalie Marcellus: You know, increasing Gabi, the goal. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Memory.
Magalie Marcellus: How do I know
Magalie Marcellus: When I was about to ask about how does that affect
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, caffeine. Caffeine and nicotine are the two
Martin’s iPhone: Two things I need to stay away from
Martin’s iPhone: Certain types of fats to and stuff in the food can do a stress.
Magalie Marcellus: So, do you need a special diet.
Martin’s iPhone: Right now it's just
Martin’s iPhone: Anything I can eat, I eat.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, I gotta cut back on sugar is at night and
Martin’s iPhone: I eat really good food. I eat lots of vegetables and
Martin’s iPhone: I don't try to eat too much red meat but we maybe once a week will eat some red meat.
Martin’s iPhone: And then the rest time is either chicken or pork.
Martin’s iPhone: Or fish.
Martin’s iPhone: So I heard
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I try to separate the diet out a little bit. Two things. Lot of different things, try to eat eggs and
Martin’s iPhone: We don't need a lot of bacon. A more real estate, a lot of bacon. But now we just maybe once every couple weeks we bacon. I like to grapple. I don't know if you know Scrabble is are not
Magalie Marcellus: Familiar with that.
Martin’s iPhone: Another name is cripples it's basically kind of like a hot dog. But, you know, the same kind of stuff that would be in a hot dog. Let's all
Martin’s iPhone: Take brains and
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it's basically big brains and flour and then you mix it in the patties fry.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so it's like homemade
Martin’s iPhone: I know I get it by the block at the local store.
Magalie Marcellus: Hey,
Martin’s iPhone: You should try it is good.
Martin’s iPhone: Brain part of
That scene.
Martin’s iPhone: That's right. Yeah, but you've tried up be cutting into thin slices comes in a little square block like a cheese walk
Martin’s iPhone: Me cut pinch in slices and you fry it. And then as it's trying to smash it down so it's almost like a pancake and flatness, and it tastes.
Martin’s iPhone: Like bacon in a pork chop.
Martin’s iPhone: Mixture of that. It's really good. Justin. Yep.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: That's enough. And then something else.
Magalie Marcellus: If you ever get a chance
Magalie Marcellus: You should try. It's really
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, sure. It's probably somewhere around. I just never heard about it.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so any update from your group in a
Magalie Marcellus: difficult situation.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, I just gotta practice mindfulness and
Martin’s iPhone: You know, I kind of wasn't really
Martin’s iPhone: Focused when I was listening to the
Martin’s iPhone: To the video and everything. And I was kind of more or less referencing mindfulness as being aware of my surroundings and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: Whereas on a more
Martin’s iPhone: psychological and emotional aspects of mindfulness
Martin’s iPhone: Like why I'm I am aware of my feelings and when I get angry. How do I react.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Need to be more mindful of that, and mindful of my surroundings in general as far
Martin’s iPhone: As worry
Magalie Marcellus: Emotions and now I'm had we deal with aggression right now feeling
Magalie Marcellus: Any feelings of aggression.
Martin’s iPhone: I need to work on that. Yeah, I get mad. Pretty easy sometimes
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: I have a problem. It's like on and off switch. You know, if I get
Martin’s iPhone: Turn my switch on and I'm just interested in anger or turn it off.
Magalie Marcellus: So there's no in between.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You are you writing. What are those triggers that gets you to the, the high level. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sad or
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I think a lot of it has to do, just like learning. I had to learn patience to learn forgiveness tomorrow.
Martin’s iPhone: I know them, but I have to practice the emotion, so
Magalie Marcellus: But sometimes it's because the way we think about a situation that made you you know get angry, but if you have it or don't go just by the fight itself.
Magalie Marcellus: Because it's thank then feeling so if you thought of it in a different way than the killing many different that we actively be different. Yeah, we always go with the thinking. Then we act.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I have a problem with that too. I noticed, like when I try to drive like heavy equipment and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: If you make her own move them, that kind of stuff. It can go back real quick. So sometimes I worry about when I'm
Martin’s iPhone: You know, working with a chainsaw and things like that. Am I going to pay attention and my gonna make that mistake and we're not going to do something right that's the worry me like that to even
Martin’s iPhone: But I mean, I do. Okay, but there
Martin’s iPhone: Is a fear in my mind.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you mentioned here, he can be accident prone. So you're you ever besides in a car accident where you ever been in any other situation where you felt that your reaction, cause you to you know get hurt or anything.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, several, several times.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And does that happen when you're working with, with other people. Was it primarily which yo yo reaction.
Martin’s iPhone: Some the with other people will mostly by myself. You know, I've got stitches on my hands and stuff.
Martin’s iPhone: Because I
Martin’s iPhone: looked down
Martin’s iPhone: Cut my thumb halfway up because I was, you know, not paying attention and not
Martin’s iPhone: Your rules.
Magalie Marcellus: Just
Magalie Marcellus: The safety, safety rules so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned this, some memory stuff going on.
Martin’s iPhone: You mean as far as like, trying to remember things and stuff.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know if he has anything, you know, hit my head or or what but there's times where I hit my head and I don't even remember it.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, yeah, yeah. Oh, gosh. Oh, my head or something.
Martin’s iPhone: I know
Martin’s iPhone: Brian did
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. I'm getting better at that, though. I mean this past year I really have been
Martin’s iPhone: Getting better in a lot of ways.
Magalie Marcellus: So you haven't had to visit emergency room or getting stitches, anything like that.
Martin’s iPhone: For about a year.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so that's a good thing.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, any of us sick recently right
Magalie Marcellus: I think you were sick recently.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm still having problems with my sinuses cleared up.
Martin’s iPhone: Actually feeling pretty good today.
Martin’s iPhone: Last two or three days hasn't been too bad, but I've been getting really horrible headaches and they'll have one in the back, my eyeballs right now.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully done you on meds can help.
Magalie Marcellus: alleviate some of that for you who you say you tell me again. I knew mention is the new one that you know
The name.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a travels on
Martin’s iPhone: The dome.
Martin’s iPhone: As
Martin’s iPhone: I was taking processing. And that's what they want me
Martin’s iPhone: To take him because it was given to me horrible, horrible cotton mouth on a dry mouth.
Martin’s iPhone: Actually got me sick. One night where I thought
Martin’s iPhone: I had a weird dream and I woke up and thought I was still in the dream and I had to run to the toilet, because
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It's a dry mouth, and all. Yeah. Well, I think the dry mouth.
Martin’s iPhone: And that and I think I drink some milk before I went to bed and the combination just
Martin’s iPhone: Did not settle. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: And my nightmares are not getting any better. I thought they were starting to get better there for a couple days and I actually had one good dream.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't remember what it
Martin’s iPhone: Was but
Magalie Marcellus: I got a good year.
Magalie Marcellus: With the nighttime. I said, how you're not gonna remember the good dream.
Martin’s iPhone: I know, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, but that
Martin’s iPhone: Was now, but it wasn't a bad dream. Okay. And I have so many dreams. It's just
Magalie Marcellus: So how many
Magalie Marcellus: days in a week. Would you say you have those night terrors.
Martin’s iPhone: Every just about every night.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay. So when that okay what do you do when you wake up.
Martin’s iPhone: Get up and sit down and my going to take a shower.
Martin’s iPhone: I'll get up in the DUNS maybe get up for the day. If it's like three or four in the morning. I'll just get up.
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes I go back to bed. I mean, I, I get so used to it, know that
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I have to get sleep so I just go down. Try to fall back
Martin’s iPhone: And I try to clear my mind of whatever I'm thinking about because
Martin’s iPhone: If I think about anything bad anyway.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, turns and bad things like I just heard him night terror. I'm trying to run back in and save the cats out of the fire and
Magalie Marcellus: Wow yeah definitely back with you know and pack mostly asleep losing the battle of traumatic event that you had to expand.
Martin’s iPhone: God will take
Martin’s iPhone: A couple days before that were the whole family was getting attacked by a bear to try to get them away from it.
Martin’s iPhone: Couldn't
Martin’s iPhone: Then they're really graphic to really
Martin’s iPhone: Totally 100% real feel type stuff except
Martin’s iPhone: For
Martin’s iPhone: When I go try to defend myself or or help somebody I almost become helpless or half is a bill my abilities are just like if I go to punch somebody, it doesn't work, right. Like I just kind of, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Punishment if they have this chance
Martin’s iPhone: Right, if I tried to john yep I tried to jump up there, start flying and then fall and that meant them saying that you fall when you're in your sleep and you fall and you hit the ground.
Martin’s iPhone: That you wait
Martin’s iPhone: That's not true in my dreams. I can stay in the dream after that.
Magalie Marcellus: In class they fought in and get up again.
Martin’s iPhone: I actually experienced pain in the dreams.
Really
Martin’s iPhone: And then
Martin’s iPhone: I wake up.
Martin’s iPhone: I realized, a lot of it is now that the way I wake up I go my arms are falling asleep. And the way I fall asleep.
Martin’s iPhone: Is the pain that I'm feeling in the dream sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Is it I go
Magalie Marcellus: On we're getting nom.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. For me up the reservation.
Martin’s iPhone: Starts to physically hurt. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I wake up sometimes in just about crying because it's about
Magalie Marcellus: Now, prior to go to go to sleep. Do you do have you tried to do any type of meditation or any would seem to kind of
Magalie Marcellus: Get your mind settle a little bit before you go to three.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I usually don't have much of a problem trying to get to sleep at my first go to sleep.
Magalie Marcellus: When
Martin’s iPhone: It came to mind.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, you don't have like the last thought is not something either difficult or something that would kind of make you have those towers.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I try to just totally clear my mind. Sometimes I can just
Martin’s iPhone: Become like a nothingness of esteem, you know, like, just not thinking not anything just
Martin’s iPhone: Sleep.
You know,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But then does that making a difference or
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I don't really pay, I don't know, up to pay more attention to it.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, sometimes I do the Zen yoga with my eyes.
Magalie Marcellus: Without white noise when a C or something.
Magalie Marcellus: So, you know, fighting
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I want to try to get to be some
Martin’s iPhone: Some noise machine like green
Magalie Marcellus: Or yeah, anyone on your phone, they have those, you know what, even on
Magalie Marcellus: YouTube, they have those sounds. You know that, you know, kind of get your mind in a blank slate in a little bit. So you don't
Martin’s iPhone: Have
Magalie Marcellus: To live
Martin’s iPhone: Here they have one I think is for free on on Apple plan.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I've heard on this quite a few, but if you Google for meditation or white knows it probably gives you some options like can you live.
Magalie Marcellus: Now fully you know you because it's hard not having a good night's sleep, and especially if you have to go to work and
Magalie Marcellus: You have to go about your daily life. So then it has a big effect on your body in your half as well.
Magalie Marcellus: sleeping enough and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yep, I want to try to get a sleep eight hours of sleep every night. If I can but
Martin’s iPhone: You know, sometimes you can
Martin’s iPhone: End up getting my I'm actually getting like four or five hours.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, which is very low. So hopefully, the goal is to increase that little bit at a time or two, you can feel rested when you wake up in the morning and
Martin’s iPhone: There's ketchup days for me where I go to bed at six o'clock at night, get up at six in the morning because I can finally
Magalie Marcellus: Three and stage.
Martin’s iPhone: In bed.
Magalie Marcellus: Bed. Yeah. Okay. All right. Any pencil next two weeks.
Martin’s iPhone: On the fifth I do asleep study
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: That would be our primary
Magalie Marcellus: primary doctor
Yep.
Martin’s iPhone: The first one. Yes, me my first one.
Magalie Marcellus: What prompted that appointment as a bit
Magalie Marcellus: Of your lack of sleep.
Magalie Marcellus: That says okay
Martin’s iPhone: We can up and swing in my arms and
Martin’s iPhone: All kind. Yeah. I want to see what's going on in your brain.
Magalie Marcellus: And I know you know trauma can do that too. But, you know, sometimes we may be other things going on. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And you say last much
Martin’s iPhone: You go into union hospital very o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: We stay there until the morning
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, so five
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I love
Martin’s iPhone: That. And I think, and then you
Martin’s iPhone: Gotta go for today's the first day I go for the sleep study and the next day, I'll go to get fitted for a machine. I guess or something. So kind of
Magalie Marcellus: Probably some kind of went away from those things that they have to put on your
Magalie Marcellus: On your head.
Martin’s iPhone: Probably I'm guessing.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you go the face of weapons much better going into yeah
Martin’s iPhone: That's really all I got planned, other than trying to get some work done and
Martin’s iPhone: I need to buy a sauce or so I can start doing some more work to the camper get it.
Martin’s iPhone: I get torn out and I need to make new ceiling raptors and things for that so
Magalie Marcellus: Just a little bit of time.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, doing some more work on the car getting you shocks upon probably
Martin’s iPhone: Know, of course, here in a week or so we're going to get a truck to summon up some stuff to do with that.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I
Magalie Marcellus: am busy yet.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: I'm going to schedule, two weeks out
Magalie Marcellus: Which is going to be before your appointment. So we look for it.
Magalie Marcellus: Up on the schedule for the same time if anything changed any conflict college. You know what that should be 477 o'clock on the fourth watch for
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I appreciate it.
Magalie Marcellus: Any questions or anything else I need to know before we end know
Martin’s iPhone: Should be good. I appreciate you taking the time to
Magalie Marcellus: Talk to me and everything. Oh, wow. We're here for you. We want to make sure that you succeed and whatever I can do on my end to help you.
Magalie Marcellus: Here for
Martin’s iPhone: Appreciate that. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So keep up the good work and hopefully things get one quick and you don't have to be dealing with the codec together, Dan. Dan, Ohio.
Appreciate
Magalie Marcellus: Your father, you have a good one.
Martin’s iPhone: Each in a in a